#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=-
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pooch
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-macos
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via requests
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via mne
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow-macos
fonttools==4.35.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
google-auth==2.10.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
h5py==3.7.0
    # via
    #   keras-applications
    #   tensorflow-macos
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via markdown
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via mne
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-macos
keras-applications==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-macos
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow-macos
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne
mne==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==8.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-applications
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   mne
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mne
    #   pooch
    #   tensorflow-macos
pandas==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pooch==1.6.0
    # via mne
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via pandas
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   mne
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-macos
    #   tensorflow-metal
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorflow-macos==2.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-metal==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mne
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-metal
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-macos
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
