#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=-
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via tensorflow
bleach==1.5.0
    # via tensorflow-tensorboard
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via h5py
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses==0.8
    # via werkzeug
h5py==3.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
html5lib==0.9999999
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tensorflow-tensorboard
importlib-metadata==4.8.3
    # via markdown
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via tqdm
keras==2.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras-applications
    #   keras-preprocessing
keras-applications==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
keras-preprocessing==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.7
    # via tensorflow-tensorboard
matplotlib==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mne==0.23.4
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==8.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   mne
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-tensorboard
pandas==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.4.0
    # via matplotlib
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-tensorboard
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via keras
scikit-learn==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   keras
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   mne
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   keras
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-tensorboard
tensorflow==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-tensorboard==1.5.1
    # via tensorflow
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via importlib-metadata
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via tensorflow-tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
